🗒️ update react-server and react-server-webpack-plugin documentation (#946)
Shopify/quilt: packages/react-server-webpack-plugin/README.md

## Usage

### With sewing-kit

As of version [0.102.0](https://github.com/Shopify/sewing-kit/blob/big-docs-update/CHANGELOG.md#L35) `sewing-kit` consumes this plugin by default if you have `@shopify/react-server` in your `package.json`. 

> For detailed instructions on using use with Rails and sewing-kit see the documentation for [quilt_rails](/gems/quilt_rails/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on usage with Rails and sewing-kit see the documentation for [quilt_rails](/gems/quilt_rails/README.md).
```
